# Xbox chief Phil Spencer is leaving Microsoft

*Satirical Commentary | Original story from Unknown*

1. Title: Xbox Changes: Bringing back the ‘90s with ‘00s technology. 2. Subheading: Xbox announces plans to bring back the ‘90s console and ‘00s technology, but with a modern twist. 3. Introduction: We're all used to the Xbox 360 and its legacy, but now, Xbox is about to take on the future with its new console and hardware lineup. 4. Body: Xbox has announced a number of exciting new hardware releases for next year, including a new controller that's designed specifically for the next-gen Xbox. 5. Body: This new controller features a sleek and stylish design that's meant to be used in concert with the new Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S consoles. It's said to be 'next-gen' and is designed to provide a seamless experience between the two next-gen consoles. 6. Body: The controller comes in three different colors: black, silver, and gold. This is the first time that the Xbox has released a new hardware lineup with the color scheme of the new consoles. 7. Body: In addition to the new hardware, Xbox is also announcing a new lineup of exclusive games for next-gen consoles. These games will be designed specifically for the next-gen hardware, meaning that they will be built from the ground up with the next-gen consoles in mind. 8. Body: Microsoft is also announcing a new subscription service for Xbox Game Pass, which will allow Xbox Game Pass users to access a wide range of games on next-gen consoles for a monthly fee. 9. Body: This subscription service is going to be called 'Xbox Game Pass Ultimate,' and it will offer over 100 new games every month, as well as a range of exclusive content for Xbox Game Pass users. 10. Body: This new console will be a significant upgrade from the Xbox One, with a number of key features that set it apart from the competition. These include a faster processor, a larger memory cache, and a range of new technologies that have been designed specifically for the next-gen consoles. 11. Body: Xbox is also announcing a new lineup of exclusive games for the next-gen consoles, which will be designed specifically for the next-gen hardware. These games will be a mix of classic Xbox titles and new, original content. 12. Body: One of the standout features of the next-gen Xbox consoles is that they will be backwards compatible with games from previous Xbox generations, including Xbox 360, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X. 13. Body: This means that Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S owners will be able to play many of their favorite Xbox 360 games, as well as many of the Xbox One games that they already own. 14. Body: To support this backwards compatibility, Xbox is announcing a number of new features for Xbox Game Pass that will allow players to continue playing these games on Xbox Series X or Xbox Series S. 15. Body: This new console will also support high-resolution gaming, meaning that games will be designed with a higher resolution in mind, and will be able to look stunning even on high-end gaming monitors. 16. Body: This new console will also support ultra-high-res gaming, meaning that games will be designed to be played at ultra-high resolutions, even on high-end gaming monitors. 17. Body: In addition to these new hardware features, Xbox is also announcing a number of new features for Xbox Game Pass, including a range of new games that have been designed specifically for the next-gen consoles. These games will be available to play on Xbox Series X or Xbox Series S, with the option to download and play them on other devices as well. 18. Body: Xbox is also announcing a new subscription service for Xbox Game Pass that will offer a range of new games every month, as well as a range of exclusive content for Xbox Game Pass subscribers. 19. Body: This new subscription service is called 'Xbox Game Pass Ultimate,' and it will offer over 100 new games every month, as well as a range of exclusive content for Xbox Game Pass subscribers. 20. Body: Xbox Game Pass Ultimate will be available both as a standalone subscription, and as part of a bundle with Xbox Live Gold. 21. Body: This bundle will cost $14.99/

---

**📰 Source & Attribution**  
Original article: [Unknown](https://www.theverge.com/news/882241/microsoft-phil-spencer-xbox-leaving-retirement)  
Topics:   
Generated: 2026-02-21 21:34 UTC

*This is a satirical/sarcastic commentary based on real news from Unknown. All facts are attributed to the original source. This content is for entertainment and commentary purposes.*
